Update setup script URLs from Cloudsmith to linux.pkg.redpanda.com (#1709)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/managed-connectors/create-mmaker-source-connector.mdx

- The external Kafka cluster must be accessible.
- A service account with full access to the external cluster must be available.
  You can also use a service account with read-only ACLs when the `Offset-Syncs`

>   topic location is set to `target`. You need describe/describe-configs ACLs for
>   the connector to read topic configs on the source cluster and create the topics
>   on the target cluster, unless you create the topics yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  topic location is set to `target`. You must have describe and/or describe-configs ACLs for
  the connector to read topic configurations on the source cluster and create the topics
  on the target cluster, unless you create the topics yourself.
```

| **RecordTooLargeException: The message is N bytes (...)** | Use `producer.override.max.request.size` property to change max request size. |
| **RecordTooLargeException: The request included (...)** | The target server is not able to receive message because it is too large in size. Disabled compression can be a root cause. Consider enabling compression: `"Compression type": "snappy",` |
| **Scheduler for MirrorSourceConnector caught exception in scheduled task: syncing topic ACLs** | MirrorMaker2 requires an authorizer to be configured by the broker side, but it is not. Change the `Sync topic ACLs enabled` MirrorMaker2 property to `false` (default is `true`) to disable ACL syncing. |

> | **TopicAuthorizationException: Topic authorization failed** | Confirm the service account for source cluster contains describe/describe-configs ACLs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **TopicAuthorizationException: Topic authorization failed** | Confirm the service account for the source cluster contains describe and/or describe-configs ACLs. |
```
